355 - Added support for tab thru to multiple inputs in edit mode datagrid (#1965)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.18.0 Features

> - `[Datagrid]` Added support to multiple inputs in a editor will work with the keyboard. ([#355](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/355))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Datagrid]` Added support so if there are multiple inputs within an editor they work with the keyboard tab key. ([#355](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/355))
```
